
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.007777                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7777389500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                 8757115500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 132649                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   152137                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               64820927                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4673792                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   119.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    15915562                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      18253837                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      3691008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data      3665728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      3712896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data      3655360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data      3695040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data      3721600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data      3651712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.inst          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data      3664960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           29459328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     29445376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        29445376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        57672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        57277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        58014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data        57115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data        57735                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data        58150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data        57058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data        57265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              460302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        460084                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             460084                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        16458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    474581863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        16458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    471331415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst        16458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    477396175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst        16458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    469998320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst        16458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data    475100289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst        16458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data    478515317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst        16458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data    469529268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus7.inst        16458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data    471232667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            3787816979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        16458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        16458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        16458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        16458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst        16458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst        16458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst        16458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst        16458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           131664                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      3786023061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           3786023061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      3786023061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        16458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    474581863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        16458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    471331415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst        16458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    477396175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst        16458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    469998320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst        16458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data    475100289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst        16458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data    478515317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst        16458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data    469529268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus7.inst        16458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data    471232667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           7573840040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      460305                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     460084                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    460305                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   460084                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               29459456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                29443072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                29459520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             29445376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              7256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              7181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              7223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              7257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              7181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              7223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              7297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              7298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              7247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             7223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             7296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             7198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             7181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             7223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             7297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16             7267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17             7161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18             7095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21             7181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23             7169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24             7170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25             7181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31             7169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::32             7170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::33             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::34             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::35             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::36             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::37             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::38             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::39             7169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::40             7170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::41             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::42             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::43             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::44             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::45             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::46             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::47             7169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::48             7170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::49             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::50             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::51             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::52             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::53             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::54             7223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::55             7297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::56             7298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::57             7164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::58             7095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::59             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::60             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::61             7181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::62             7223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::63             7297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             7201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             7244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16             7245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17             7191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18             7033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19             7092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20             7091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21             7091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22             7146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23             7220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24             7219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25             7208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26             7146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27             7220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28             7219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29             7219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30             7274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31             7348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::32             7303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::33             7219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::34             7274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::35             7307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::36             7118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::37             7091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::38             7146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::39             7220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::40             7219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::41             7155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::42             7157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::43             7244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::44             7245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::45             7245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::46             7267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::47             7296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::48             7263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::49             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::50             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::51             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::52             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::53             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::54             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::55             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::56             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::57             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::58             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::59             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::60             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::61             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::62             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::63             7168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    7777366000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                460305                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               460084                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   35076                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   52127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   98724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  111550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                   50349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                   45782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                   36404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                   30185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                      20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   4828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  14391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  27342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  37138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  46988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  61996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  59909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  45101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  37706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  33564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  33068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  35318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   9424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                   5251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                   3051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                   1708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       135674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    434.108348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   256.338173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   393.391806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        33526     24.71%     24.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        31090     22.92%     47.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        15460     11.39%     59.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5557      4.10%     63.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5132      3.78%     66.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4608      3.40%     70.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3776      2.78%     73.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2879      2.12%     75.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        33646     24.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       135674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        28753                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.008312                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     15.824698                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.393829                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             405      1.41%      1.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10-11           879      3.06%      4.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-13          1290      4.49%      8.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14-15          4344     15.11%     24.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17         17810     61.94%     86.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19          1701      5.92%     91.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          1029      3.58%     95.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          1164      4.05%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            78      0.27%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27            20      0.07%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29            27      0.09%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::50-51             1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         28753                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        28753                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            28753    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         28753                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  25444957006                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             34075657006                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 2301520000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     55278.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.99                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                74028.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      3787.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                      3785.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   3787.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                   3786.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        59.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    29.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                   29.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       5.94                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      28.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   378012                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  406651                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 82.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                       8450.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    85.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                132458760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 72274125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               449919600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              371589120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy            507542880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           4599510120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            627904500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             6761199105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            870.062216                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    984008750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     259480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    6533373000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                126637560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 69097875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               451292400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              372295440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy            507542880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           4562759655                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            660141750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             6749767560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            868.591153                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1035002500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     259480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    6478514000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy                127839600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy                 69753750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy               446737200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy              369418320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy            507542880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy           4505772195                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy            710130750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy             6737194695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            866.973218                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1119638250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF     259480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT    6391833000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy                130039560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy                 70954125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy               447408000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy              374569920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy            507542880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy           4510452465                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy            706052250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy             6747019200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            868.232453                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1117964000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF     259480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT    6399691500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_4.actEnergy                128293200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_4.preEnergy                 70001250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_4.readEnergy               447306600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_4.writeEnergy              372762000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_4.refreshEnergy            507542880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_4.actBackEnergy           4492744560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_4.preBackEnergy            721593000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_4.totalEnergy             6740243490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_4.averagePower            867.359134                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_4.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1144790500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_4.memoryStateTime::REF     259480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_4.memoryStateTime::ACT    6369136500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_5.actEnergy                125503560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_5.preEnergy                 68479125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_5.readEnergy               447306600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_5.writeEnergy              374401440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_5.refreshEnergy            507542880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_5.actBackEnergy           4483966275                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_5.preBackEnergy            729281250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_5.totalEnergy             6736481130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_5.averagePower            866.877210                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_5.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1154829500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_5.memoryStateTime::REF     259480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_5.memoryStateTime::ACT    6360799500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_6.actEnergy                125904240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_6.preEnergy                 68697750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_6.readEnergy               448734000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_6.writeEnergy              371880720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_6.refreshEnergy            507542880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_6.actBackEnergy           4514265765                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_6.preBackEnergy            702680250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_6.totalEnergy             6739705605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_6.averagePower            867.296334                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_6.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1108596500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_6.memoryStateTime::REF     259480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_6.memoryStateTime::ACT    6409046500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_7.actEnergy                128255400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_7.preEnergy                 69980625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_7.readEnergy               448429800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_7.writeEnergy              371589120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_7.refreshEnergy            507542880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_7.actBackEnergy           4467794805                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_7.preBackEnergy            743444250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_7.totalEnergy             6737036880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_7.averagePower            866.952910                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_7.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1175749000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_7.memoryStateTime::REF     259480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_7.memoryStateTime::ACT    6339741500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                   0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            57672                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             403623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            57672                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.998596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     8.686502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1015.313498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.008483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.991517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          682                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           980272                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          980272                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       403609                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        403609                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       403626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          403626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       403626                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         403626                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        57659                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        57659                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        57674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         57674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        57674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        57674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data      2387000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2387000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data   7365866000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7365866000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data   7368253000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7368253000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data   7368253000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7368253000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       461268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       461268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       461300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       461300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       461300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       461300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.468750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.468750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.125001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.125001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.125025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.125025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.125025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.125025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data 159133.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159133.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data 127748.764287                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127748.764287                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data 127756.926865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127756.926865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data 127756.926865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127756.926865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        57658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            57658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus0.data        57659                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        57659                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus0.data        57673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        57673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus0.data        57673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        57673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data      2246500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2246500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data   7263710000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7263710000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data   7265956500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7265956500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data   7265956500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7265956500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.125001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data 160464.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160464.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data 125977.037410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125977.037410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data 125985.409117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125985.409117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data 125985.409117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125985.409117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 342                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 50                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                   25                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   340.000045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     1.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.664063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.667969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.667969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           276848                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          276848                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       138420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         138420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       138420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          138420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       138420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         138420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.inst       322500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       322500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.inst       322500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       322500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.inst       322500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       322500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       138423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       138423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       138423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       138423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       138423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       138423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.inst       107500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       107500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.inst       107500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       107500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.inst       107500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       107500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.inst       247000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       247000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.inst       247000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       247000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.inst       247000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       247000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.inst       123500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       123500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.inst       123500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       123500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.inst       123500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       123500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.workload.num_syscalls                   0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            57276                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             400851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            57276                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.998586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     8.597167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1015.402833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.008396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.991604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          680                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           973540                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          973540                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       400837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        400837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       400854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          400854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       400854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         400854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        57263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        57263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        57278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         57278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        57278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        57278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data      2171250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2171250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data   7370051501                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7370051501                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data   7372222751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7372222751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data   7372222751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7372222751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       458100                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       458100                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       458132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       458132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       458132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       458132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.468750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.468750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.125001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.125001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.125025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.125025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.125025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.125025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data       144750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       144750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data 128705.298378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128705.298378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data 128709.500175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128709.500175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data 128709.500175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128709.500175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        57262                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            57262                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus1.data        57263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        57263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus1.data        57277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        57277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus1.data        57277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        57277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data      2017250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2017250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data   7271387499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7271387499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data   7273404749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7273404749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data   7273404749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7273404749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.125001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data 144089.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144089.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data 126982.300945                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126982.300945                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data 126986.482340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126986.482340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data 126986.482340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126986.482340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 342                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                 50                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                   25                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   340.000047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     1.999953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.664063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.667969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.667969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           274946                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          274946                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       137469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         137469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       137469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          137469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       137469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         137469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.inst       342500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       342500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.inst       342500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       342500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.inst       342500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       342500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       137472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       137472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       137472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       137472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       137472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.inst 114166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.inst 114166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.inst 114166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.inst       260000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       260000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.inst       260000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       260000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.inst       260000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       260000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.inst       130000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       130000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.inst       130000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       130000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.inst       130000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       130000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.workload.num_syscalls                   0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            58014                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             406017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            58014                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.998604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     8.574835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1015.425165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.008374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.991626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          693                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           986086                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          986086                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       406003                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        406003                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       406020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          406020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       406020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         406020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        58001                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        58001                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        58016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         58016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        58016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        58016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data      2225250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2225250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data   7365121000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7365121000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data   7367346250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7367346250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data   7367346250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7367346250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       464004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       464004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       464036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       464036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       464036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       464036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.468750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.468750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.125001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.125001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.125025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.125025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.125025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.125025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data       148350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       148350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data 126982.655471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126982.655471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data 126988.179985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126988.179985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data 126988.179985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126988.179985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        58000                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            58000                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus2.data           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus2.data        58001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        58001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus2.data        58015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus2.data        58015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data      2055250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2055250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data   7265692000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7265692000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data   7267747250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7267747250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data   7267747250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7267747250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.125001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data 146803.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 146803.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data 125268.391924                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125268.391924                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data 125273.588727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125273.588727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data 125273.588727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125273.588727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 342                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                 50                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                   25                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   340.000049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.999951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.664063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.003906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.667969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.667969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           278486                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          278486                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       139239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         139239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       139239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          139239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       139239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         139239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.inst       357500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       357500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.inst       357500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       357500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.inst       357500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       357500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       139242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       139242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       139242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       139242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       139242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       139242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.inst 119166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.inst 119166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.inst 119166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.inst       267000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       267000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.inst       267000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       267000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.inst       267000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       267000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.inst       133500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       133500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.inst       133500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       133500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.inst       133500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       133500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.workload.num_syscalls                   0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            57115                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             399724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            57115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.998582                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     8.484193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  1015.515807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.008285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.991715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          695                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           970803                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          970803                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       399710                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        399710                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       399727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          399727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       399727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         399727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        57102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        57102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        57117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         57117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        57117                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        57117                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data      1963500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1963500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data   7371192250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7371192250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data   7373155750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7373155750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data   7373155750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7373155750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       456812                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       456812                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       456844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       456844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       456844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       456844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.468750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.468750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.125001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.125001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.125025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.125025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.125025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.125025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data       130900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       130900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data 129088.162411                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129088.162411                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data 129088.638234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129088.638234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data 129088.638234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129088.638234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        57101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            57101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus3.data           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus3.data        57102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        57102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus3.data        57116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        57116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus3.data        57116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        57116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data      1780000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1780000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data   7272660250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7272660250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data   7274440250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7274440250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data   7274440250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7274440250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.125001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data 127142.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127142.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data 127362.618647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127362.618647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data 127362.564780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127362.564780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data 127362.564780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127362.564780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 342                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                 50                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                   25                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   340.000051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.999949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.664063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.003906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.667969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.667969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           274172                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          274172                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       137082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         137082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       137082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          137082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       137082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         137082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.inst       372500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       372500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.inst       372500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       372500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.inst       372500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       372500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       137085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       137085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       137085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       137085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       137085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.inst 124166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.inst 124166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.inst 124166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.inst       275000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       275000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.inst       275000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       275000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.inst       275000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       275000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.inst       137500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       137500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.inst       137500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       137500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.inst       137500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       137500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.workload.num_syscalls                   0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements            57735                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs             404064                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            57735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.998597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data     8.476258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data  1015.523742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.008278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.991722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          689                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           981343                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses          981343                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data       404050                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        404050                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data       404067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total          404067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data       404067                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total         404067                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data        57722                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        57722                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data        57737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total         57737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data        57737                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total        57737                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data      2387001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2387001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data   7366969000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7366969000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data   7369356001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7369356001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data   7369356001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7369356001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       461772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       461772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       461804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total       461804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       461804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total       461804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.468750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.468750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.125001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.125001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.125025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.125025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.125025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.125025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data 159133.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159133.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data 127628.443228                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127628.443228                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data 127636.628176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127636.628176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data 127636.628176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127636.628176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        57721                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total            57721                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus4.data           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus4.data        57722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        57722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus4.data        57736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        57736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus4.data        57736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        57736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data      2193499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2193499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data   7267766500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7267766500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data   7269959999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7269959999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data   7269959999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7269959999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.125001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data 156678.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156678.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data 125909.817747                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125909.817747                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data 125917.278630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125917.278630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data 125917.278630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125917.278630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 342                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                 50                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                   25                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst   340.000053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     1.999947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.664063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.003906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.667969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.667969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses           277148                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses          277148                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       138570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         138570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       138570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total          138570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       138570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total         138570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.inst       387500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       387500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.inst       387500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       387500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.inst       387500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       387500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       138573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       138573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       138573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total       138573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       138573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total       138573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.inst 129166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.inst 129166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.inst 129166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus4.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus4.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus4.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.inst       282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.inst       282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.inst       282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.inst       141000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       141000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.inst       141000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       141000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.inst       141000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       141000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.workload.num_syscalls                   0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements            58150                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs             406969                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            58150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.998607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data     8.560490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data  1015.439510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.008360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.991640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          693                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           988394                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses          988394                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data       406954                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        406954                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data       406971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total          406971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data       406971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total         406971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data        58136                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        58136                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data        58151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total         58151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data        58151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total        58151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data      2220501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2220501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data   7364010250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7364010250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data   7366230751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7366230751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data   7366230751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7366230751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       465090                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       465090                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       465122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total       465122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       465122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total       465122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.468750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.468750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.124999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.124999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.125023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.125023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.125023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.125023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data 148033.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148033.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data 126668.677756                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126668.677756                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data 126674.188767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126674.188767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data 126674.188767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126674.188767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        58136                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total            58136                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus5.data        58136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        58136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus5.data        58150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus5.data        58150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data      2010999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2010999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data   7264035750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7264035750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data   7266046749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7266046749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data   7266046749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7266046749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.124999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.125021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.125021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data 143642.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143642.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data 124949.011800                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124949.011800                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data 124953.512451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124953.512451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data 124953.512451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124953.512451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 342                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                 50                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                   25                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst   340.000056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     1.999944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.664063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.003906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.667969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.667969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses           279138                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses          279138                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       139565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         139565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       139565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total          139565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       139565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total         139565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.inst       407500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       407500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.inst       407500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       407500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.inst       407500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       407500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       139568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       139568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       139568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total       139568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       139568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total       139568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.inst 135833.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135833.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.inst 135833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 135833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.inst 135833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 135833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.inst       290000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       290000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.inst       290000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       290000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.inst       290000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       290000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.inst       145000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       145000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.inst       145000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       145000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.inst       145000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       145000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.workload.num_syscalls                   0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements            57058                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs             399325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            57058                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.998580                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data     8.727463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data  1015.272537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.008523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.991477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          693                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           969834                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses          969834                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data       399311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        399311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data       399328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total          399328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data       399328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total         399328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data        57045                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        57045                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data        57060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total         57060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data        57060                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total        57060                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data      2452750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2452750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data   7371255251                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7371255251                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data   7373708001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7373708001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data   7373708001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7373708001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       456356                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       456356                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       456388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total       456388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       456388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total       456388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.468750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.468750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.125001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.125001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.125025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.125025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.125025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.125025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data 163516.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163516.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data 129218.253151                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129218.253151                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data 129227.269558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129227.269558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data 129227.269558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129227.269558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        57044                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total            57044                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus6.data           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus6.data        57045                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        57045                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus6.data        57059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        57059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus6.data        57059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        57059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data      2234750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2234750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data   7272171749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7272171749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data   7274406499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7274406499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data   7274406499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7274406499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.125001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data       159625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       159625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data 127481.317363                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127481.317363                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data 127489.204140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127489.204140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data 127489.204140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127489.204140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 342                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                 50                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                   25                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst   340.000059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     1.999941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.664063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.003906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.667969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.667969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273900                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses          273900                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       136946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         136946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       136946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total          136946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       136946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total         136946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.inst       432500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       432500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.inst       432500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       432500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.inst       432500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       432500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       136949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       136949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total       136949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       136949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total       136949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.inst 144166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 144166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.inst 144166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 144166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.inst 144166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 144166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus6.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus6.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus6.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.inst       297000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       297000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.inst       297000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       297000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.inst       297000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       297000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.inst       148500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       148500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.inst       148500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       148500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.inst       148500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       148500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.workload.num_syscalls                   0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements            57264                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs             400767                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            57264                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.998585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data     9.050140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data  1014.949860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.008838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.991162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          682                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           973336                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses          973336                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data       400753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        400753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data       400770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total          400770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data       400770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total         400770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data        57251                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        57251                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data        57266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total         57266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data        57266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total        57266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data      2857751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2857751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data   7369457501                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7369457501                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data   7372315252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7372315252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data   7372315252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7372315252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       458004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       458004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       458036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total       458036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       458036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total       458036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.468750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.468750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.125001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.125001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.125025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.125025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.125025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.125025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data 190516.733333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190516.733333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data 128721.900072                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128721.900072                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data 128738.086334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128738.086334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data 128738.086334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128738.086334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        57250                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total            57250                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus7.data           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus7.data        57251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        57251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus7.data        57265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        57265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus7.data        57265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        57265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data      2622749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2622749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data   7269416499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7269416499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data   7272039248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7272039248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data   7272039248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7272039248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.125001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data 187339.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187339.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data 126974.489511                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126974.489511                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data 126989.247324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126989.247324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data 126989.247324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126989.247324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 342                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs                 50                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs                   25                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst   340.000065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     1.999935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.664063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.003906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.667969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.667969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses           274886                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses          274886                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst       137439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         137439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst       137439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total          137439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst       137439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total         137439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.inst       479500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       479500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.inst       479500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       479500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.inst       479500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       479500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst       137442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst       137442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total       137442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst       137442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total       137442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.inst 159833.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159833.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.inst 159833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.inst 159833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.inst       332000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       332000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.inst       332000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       332000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.inst       332000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       332000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.inst       166000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       166000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.inst       166000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       166000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.inst       166000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       166000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                    460212                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 30572.136836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    460212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    30564.448812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.108225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.869736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.094937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.868448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.092028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.917278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.091678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.876218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.124702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.801898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.124696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.774736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     0.109043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     0.839598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     0.108311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     0.886494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.932753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.000024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.000024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.000026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.932988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         30604                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          619                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         5507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        24478                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.933960                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   8284304                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  8284304                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           460172                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                460172                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                   128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        57659                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        57263                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        58001                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        57102                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data        57722                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data        58136                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data        57045                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data        57251                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              460179                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        57673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        57277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        58015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        57116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data        57736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data        58150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data        57059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data        57265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 460307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        57673                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        57277                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        58015                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        57116                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data        57736                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data        58150                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data        57059                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data        57265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                460307                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.inst       189499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data      2225000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.inst       196499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data      1982749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.inst       205499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data      2022250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.inst       214999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data      1748000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.inst       222499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data      2106498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.inst       232500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data      1910498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.inst       250000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data      2116248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.inst       292000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data      2512248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        18426986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data   7195461499                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data   7205715997                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data   7200286499                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data   7208985249                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data   7203405499                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data   7197767248                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data   7208557248                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data   7204898498                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   57625077737                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.inst       189499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data   7197686499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.inst       196499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data   7207698746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.inst       205499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data   7202308749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.inst       214999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data   7210733249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.inst       222499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data   7205511997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.inst       232500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data   7199677746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.inst       250000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data   7210673496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.inst       292000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data   7207410746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      57643504723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.inst       189499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data   7197686499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.inst       196499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data   7207698746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.inst       205499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data   7202308749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.inst       214999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data   7210733249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.inst       222499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data   7205511997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.inst       232500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data   7199677746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.inst       250000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data   7210673496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.inst       292000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data   7207410746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     57643504723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                 128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       460172                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            460172                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        57659                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        57263                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        58001                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        57102                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        57722                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        58136                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        57045                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        57251                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            460179                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        57673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        57277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        58015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        57116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        57736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        58150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        57059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        57265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               460307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        57673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        57277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        58015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        57116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        57736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        58150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        57059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        57265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              460307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total                  1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total                   1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total                  1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.inst 94749.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data 158928.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.inst 98249.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data 141624.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.inst 102749.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data 144446.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.inst 107499.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data 124857.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.inst 111249.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data 150464.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.inst       116250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data 136464.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.inst       125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data 151160.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.inst       146000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data 179446.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143960.828125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data 124793.380027                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data 125835.460891                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data 124140.730315                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data 126247.508826                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data 124794.800925                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data 123809.124260                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data 126366.153879                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data 125847.557213                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125223.179973                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.inst 94749.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data 124801.666274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.inst 98249.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data 125839.320251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.inst 102749.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data 124145.630423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.inst 107499.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data 126247.168026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.inst 111249.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data 124801.025305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.inst       116250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data 123812.171040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.inst       125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data 126372.237438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.inst       146000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data 125860.660892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125228.390450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.inst 94749.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data 124801.666274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.inst 98249.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data 125839.320251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.inst 102749.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data 124145.630423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.inst 107499.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data 126247.168026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.inst 111249.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data 124801.025305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.inst       116250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data 123812.171040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.inst       125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data 126372.237438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.inst       146000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data 125860.660892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125228.390450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                345                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        21                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      16.428571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               460084                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    460084                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus2.data           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus3.data           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus4.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus4.data           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus6.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus6.data           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus7.data           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total              128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus0.data        57659                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus1.data        57263                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus2.data        58001                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus3.data        57102                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus4.data        57722                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus5.data        58136                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus6.data        57045                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus7.data        57251                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         460179                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus0.data        57673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus1.data        57277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus2.data        58015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus3.data        57116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus4.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus4.data        57736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus5.data        58150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus6.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus6.data        57059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus7.data        57265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            460307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus0.data        57673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus1.data        57277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus2.data        58015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus3.data        57116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus4.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus4.data        57736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus5.data        58150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus6.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus6.data        57059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus7.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus7.data        57265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           460307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.inst       164999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data      2054500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.inst       171999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data      1809749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.inst       180999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data      1853750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.inst       190499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data      1577000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.inst       197999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data      1930500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.inst       208000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data      1734500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.inst       225500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data      1941248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.inst       268000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data      2335750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16844992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data   6477156499                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data   6497142499                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data   6484046499                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data   6501994249                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data   6489956499                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data   6478940748                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data   6500969250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data   6493376500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51923582743                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.inst       164999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data   6479210999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.inst       171999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data   6498952248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.inst       180999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data   6485900249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.inst       190499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data   6503571249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.inst       197999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data   6491886999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.inst       208000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data   6480675248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.inst       225500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data   6502910498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.inst       268000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data   6495712250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51940427735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.inst       164999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data   6479210999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.inst       171999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data   6498952248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.inst       180999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data   6485900249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.inst       190499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data   6503571249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.inst       197999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data   6491886999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.inst       208000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data   6480675248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.inst       225500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data   6502910498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.inst       268000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data   6495712250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51940427735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total             1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total              1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total             1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.inst 82499.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data       146750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.inst 85999.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data 129267.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.inst 90499.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data 132410.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.inst 95249.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data 112642.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.inst 98999.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data 137892.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.inst       104000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data 123892.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.inst       112750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data 138660.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.inst       134000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data 166839.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131601.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data 112335.567717                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data 113461.441053                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data 111791.977707                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data 113866.313772                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data 112434.712917                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data 111444.556695                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data 113962.122009                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data 113419.442455                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112833.446861                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.inst 82499.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data 112343.921748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.inst 85999.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data 113465.304538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.inst 90499.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data 111796.953357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.inst 95249.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data 113866.013884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.inst 98999.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data 112440.886085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.inst       104000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data 111447.553706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.inst       112750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data 113968.182022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.inst       134000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data 113432.502401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112838.665793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.inst 82499.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus0.data 112343.921748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.inst 85999.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus1.data 113465.304538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.inst 90499.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus2.data 111796.953357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.inst 95249.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus3.data 113866.013884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.inst 98999.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus4.data 112440.886085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.inst       104000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus5.data 111447.553706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.inst       112750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus6.data 113968.182022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.inst       134000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus7.data 113432.502401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112838.665793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            460084                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            460177                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           460172                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1380689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1380689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1380689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     58904576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     58904576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                58904576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            920389                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  920389    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              920389                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer16.occupancy         2820880006                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer16.utilization             36.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2427551744                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             31.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.lookups          23133                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.condPredicted        23133                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.condIncorrect           13                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.BTBLookups        23053                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.BTBHits          23053                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.BTBHitPct   100.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.usedRAS              0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                15554779                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.icacheStallCycles       138914                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.Insts                992270                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.Branches              23133                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.predictedBranches        23053                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.Cycles             15415852                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.SquashCycles             26                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.CacheLines           138423                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.IcacheSquashes            1                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::samples     15554779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.072711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::stdev     0.659117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::0        15324035     98.52%     98.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::1           23067      0.15%     98.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::2           28833      0.19%     98.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::3           20173      0.13%     98.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::4           23055      0.15%     99.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::5           40356      0.26%     99.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::6           20177      0.13%     99.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::7           25976      0.17%     99.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::8           49107      0.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::total     15554779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.branchRate         0.001487                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rate               0.063792                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus0.decode.IdleCycles           46221                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus0.decode.BlockedCycles     15367219                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus0.decode.RunCycles            11568                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus0.decode.UnblockCycles       129750                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus0.decode.SquashCycles            13                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus0.decode.DecodedInsts       1130538                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus0.rename.SquashCycles            13                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus0.rename.IdleCycles           89467                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus0.rename.BlockCycles        8664283                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus0.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus0.rename.RunCycles            98072                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus0.rename.UnblockCycles      6702936                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus0.rename.RenamedInsts       1130354                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus0.rename.SQFullEvents       6682765                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus0.rename.RenamedOperands       784295                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus0.rename.RenameLookups      2191543                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus0.rename.int_rename_lookups      1568678                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus0.rename.CommittedMaps       784210                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus0.rename.UndoneMaps              84                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus0.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus0.rename.skidInsts           769828                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus0.memDep0.insertedLoads           52                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus0.memDep0.insertedStores       461330                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus0.memDep0.conflictingStores            0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqInstsAdded           1130344                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqInstsIssued          1130304                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          160                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined          272                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     15554779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.072666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.508632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15030053     96.63%     96.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       285395      1.83%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123960      0.80%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        23085      0.15%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11539      0.07%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        31742      0.20%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20170      0.13%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28832      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            3      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     15554779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           5763     99.88%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::MemRead             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite            7      0.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           20      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       668928     59.18%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead           52      0.00%     59.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       461304     40.81%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::total       1130304                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.rate                  0.072666                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_busy_cnt               5770                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005105                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     17821157                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1130504                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1130241                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.int_alu_accesses       1136054                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads           52                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores           31                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewSquashCycles            13                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewBlockCycles             13                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewUnblockCycles      8664270                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1130344                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts           52                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       461330                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewIQFullEvents             0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      8664271                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           25                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus0.iew.branchMispredicts           25                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1130274                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts           45                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_refs              461344                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_branches           23077                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_stores            461299                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_rate            0.072664                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_sent               1130254                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_count              1130241                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_producers           149935                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_consumers           173002                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_rate              0.072662                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_fanout            0.866666                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          160                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus0.commit.branchMispredicts           13                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     15554753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.072658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.506773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15030064     96.63%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       270967      1.74%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       147024      0.95%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        17308      0.11%     99.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        14420      0.09%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28848      0.19%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11533      0.07%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        34585      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            4      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     15554753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committedInsts       991794                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committedOps       1130184                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.refs                461299                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.loads                    0                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.branches             23065                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus0.commit.int_insts          1130184                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus0.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       668885     59.18%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       461299     40.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::total      1130184                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.bw_lim_events            4                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus0.rob.rob_reads            16685093                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus0.rob.rob_writes            2260716                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             991794                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              1130184                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus0.cpi                     15.683478                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus0.cpi_total               15.683478                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus0.ipc                      0.063761                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus0.ipc_total                0.063761                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus0.int_regfile_reads         1568538                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus0.int_regfile_writes         645851                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus0.cc_regfile_reads           115325                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus0.cc_regfile_writes          138390                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus0.misc_regfile_reads         507486                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.lookups          22972                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.condPredicted        22972                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.condIncorrect           13                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.BTBLookups        22894                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.BTBHits          22894                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.BTBHitPct   100.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.usedRAS              0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                15554779                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.icacheStallCycles       137917                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.Insts                985448                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.Branches              22972                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.predictedBranches        22894                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.Cycles             15416849                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.SquashCycles             26                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.CacheLines           137472                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.IcacheSquashes            2                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::samples     15554779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.072210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::stdev     0.656873                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::0        15325624     98.53%     98.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::1           22909      0.15%     98.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::2           28634      0.18%     98.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::3           20034      0.13%     98.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::4           22895      0.15%     99.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::5           40078      0.26%     99.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::6           20038      0.13%     99.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::7           25797      0.17%     99.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::8           48770      0.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::total     15554779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.branchRate         0.001477                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rate               0.063353                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus1.decode.IdleCycles           45904                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus1.decode.BlockedCycles     15368507                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus1.decode.RunCycles            11488                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus1.decode.UnblockCycles       128859                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus1.decode.SquashCycles            13                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus1.decode.DecodedInsts       1122770                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus1.rename.SquashCycles            13                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus1.rename.IdleCycles           88853                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus1.rename.BlockCycles        8694151                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus1.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus1.rename.RunCycles            97398                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus1.rename.UnblockCycles      6674356                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus1.rename.RenamedInsts       1122589                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus1.rename.SQFullEvents       6654325                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus1.rename.RenamedOperands       778906                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus1.rename.RenameLookups      2176484                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus1.rename.int_rename_lookups      1557901                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus1.rename.CommittedMaps       778822                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus1.rename.UndoneMaps              84                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus1.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus1.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus1.rename.skidInsts           764544                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus1.memDep0.insertedLoads           52                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus1.memDep0.insertedStores       458162                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus1.memDep0.conflictingLoads            0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus1.memDep0.conflictingStores            0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqInstsAdded           1122581                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqInstsIssued          1122541                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          160                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined          272                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     15554779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.072167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.506919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15033658     96.65%     96.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       283434      1.82%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123110      0.79%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22925      0.15%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11459      0.07%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        31523      0.20%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20032      0.13%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28635      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            3      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     15554779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           5723     99.88%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::MemRead             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite            7      0.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           20      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       664333     59.18%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead           52      0.00%     59.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       458136     40.81%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::total       1122541                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.rate                  0.072167                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_busy_cnt               5730                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005104                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     17805591                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1122741                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1122478                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.int_alu_accesses       1128251                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads           52                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores           31                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewSquashCycles            13                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewBlockCycles             13                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewUnblockCycles      8694138                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1122581                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts           52                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       458162                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewIQFullEvents             0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      8694138                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           25                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus1.iew.branchMispredicts           25                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1122511                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts           45                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_refs              458176                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_branches           22918                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_stores            458131                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_rate            0.072165                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_sent               1122491                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_count              1122478                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_producers           148901                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_consumers           171809                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_rate              0.072163                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_fanout            0.866666                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus1.commit.commitSquashedInsts          160                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus1.commit.branchMispredicts           13                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     15554753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.072159                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.505066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15033669     96.65%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       269106      1.73%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       146014      0.94%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        17188      0.11%     99.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        14320      0.09%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28649      0.18%     99.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11455      0.07%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        34348      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            4      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     15554753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committedInsts       984984                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committedOps       1122421                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.refs                458131                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.loads                    0                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.branches             22906                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus1.commit.int_insts          1122421                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus1.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       664290     59.18%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       458131     40.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::total      1122421                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.bw_lim_events            4                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus1.rob.rob_reads            16677330                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus1.rob.rob_writes            2245188                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             984984                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps              1122421                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus1.cpi                     15.791910                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus1.cpi_total               15.791910                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus1.ipc                      0.063324                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus1.ipc_total                0.063324                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus1.int_regfile_reads         1557764                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus1.int_regfile_writes         641415                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus1.cc_regfile_reads           114530                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus1.cc_regfile_writes          137438                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus1.misc_regfile_reads         504000                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus2.branchPred.lookups          23267                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus2.branchPred.condPredicted        23267                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus2.branchPred.condIncorrect           13                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus2.branchPred.BTBLookups        23189                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus2.branchPred.BTBHits          23189                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus2.branchPred.BTBHitPct   100.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus2.branchPred.usedRAS              0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus2.branchPred.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                15554779                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.icacheStallCycles       139695                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.Insts                998134                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.Branches              23267                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.predictedBranches        23189                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.Cycles             15415071                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.SquashCycles             26                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.CacheLines           139242                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.IcacheSquashes            2                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.rateDist::samples     15554779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.073140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.rateDist::stdev     0.661032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.rateDist::0        15322673     98.51%     98.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.rateDist::1           23204      0.15%     98.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.rateDist::2           29002      0.19%     98.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.rateDist::3           20293      0.13%     98.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.rateDist::4           23191      0.15%     99.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.rateDist::5           40595      0.26%     99.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.rateDist::6           20296      0.13%     99.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.rateDist::7           26130      0.17%     99.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.rateDist::8           49395      0.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.rateDist::total     15554779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.branchRate         0.001496                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus2.fetch.rate               0.064169                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus2.decode.IdleCycles           46494                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus2.decode.BlockedCycles     15366110                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus2.decode.RunCycles            11636                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus2.decode.UnblockCycles       130518                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus2.decode.SquashCycles            13                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus2.decode.DecodedInsts       1137226                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus2.rename.SquashCycles            13                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus2.rename.IdleCycles           89996                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus2.rename.BlockCycles        8642693                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus2.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus2.rename.RunCycles            98652                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus2.rename.UnblockCycles      6723417                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus2.rename.RenamedInsts       1137050                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus2.rename.SQFullEvents       6703127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus2.rename.RenamedOperands       788937                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus2.rename.RenameLookups      2204529                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus2.rename.int_rename_lookups      1577976                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus2.rename.CommittedMaps       788852                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus2.rename.UndoneMaps              84                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus2.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus2.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus2.rename.skidInsts           774389                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus2.memDep0.insertedLoads           52                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus2.memDep0.insertedStores       464066                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus2.memDep0.conflictingLoads            0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus2.memDep0.conflictingStores            0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus2.iq.iqInstsAdded           1137040                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus2.iq.iqInstsIssued          1137000                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          160                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined          272                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     15554779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.073097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.510106                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15026943     96.61%     96.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       287088      1.85%     98.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124695      0.80%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        23221      0.15%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11607      0.07%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        31929      0.21%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20289      0.13%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29004      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            3      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     15554779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           5797     99.88%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::MemRead             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite            7      0.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           20      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       672888     59.18%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead           52      0.00%     59.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       464040     40.81%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.FU_type_0::total       1137000                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus2.iq.rate                  0.073097                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_busy_cnt               5804                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005105                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     17834583                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1137200                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1136937                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus2.iq.int_alu_accesses       1142784                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads           52                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores           31                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus2.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus2.iew.iewSquashCycles            13                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus2.iew.iewBlockCycles             13                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus2.iew.iewUnblockCycles      8642680                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1137040                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts           52                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       464066                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus2.iew.iewIQFullEvents             0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      8642681                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           25                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus2.iew.branchMispredicts           25                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus2.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1136970                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts           45                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus2.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus2.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus2.iew.exec_refs              464080                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus2.iew.exec_branches           23213                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus2.iew.exec_stores            464035                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus2.iew.exec_rate            0.073095                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus2.iew.wb_sent               1136950                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus2.iew.wb_count              1136937                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus2.iew.wb_producers           150819                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus2.iew.wb_consumers           174022                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus2.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus2.iew.wb_rate              0.073092                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus2.iew.wb_fanout            0.866666                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus2.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus2.commit.commitSquashedInsts          160                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus2.commit.branchMispredicts           13                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     15554753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.073089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.508241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15026954     96.61%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       272575      1.75%     98.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       147895      0.95%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        17410      0.11%     99.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        14505      0.09%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29018      0.19%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11601      0.07%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        34791      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            4      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     15554753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus2.commit.committedInsts       997673                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.commit.committedOps       1136880                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus2.commit.refs                464035                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus2.commit.loads                    0                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus2.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus2.commit.branches             23201                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus2.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus2.commit.int_insts          1136880                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus2.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       672845     59.18%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       464035     40.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.op_class_0::total      1136880                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.commit.bw_lim_events            4                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus2.rob.rob_reads            16691789                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus2.rob.rob_writes            2274108                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts             997673                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps              1136880                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus2.cpi                     15.591059                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus2.cpi_total               15.591059                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus2.ipc                      0.064139                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus2.ipc_total                0.064139                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus2.int_regfile_reads         1577836                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus2.int_regfile_writes         649675                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus2.cc_regfile_reads           116005                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus2.cc_regfile_writes          139208                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus2.misc_regfile_reads         510494                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus3.branchPred.lookups          22908                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus3.branchPred.condPredicted        22908                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus3.branchPred.condIncorrect           13                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus3.branchPred.BTBLookups        22830                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus3.branchPred.BTBHits          22830                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus3.branchPred.BTBHitPct   100.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus3.branchPred.usedRAS              0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus3.branchPred.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                15554779                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.icacheStallCycles       137596                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.Insts                982673                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.Branches              22908                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.predictedBranches        22830                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.Cycles             15417170                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.SquashCycles             26                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.CacheLines           137085                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.IcacheSquashes            2                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.rateDist::samples     15554779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.072007                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.rateDist::stdev     0.655959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.rateDist::0        15326268     98.53%     98.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.rateDist::1           22845      0.15%     98.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.rateDist::2           28553      0.18%     98.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.rateDist::3           19978      0.13%     98.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.rateDist::4           22831      0.15%     99.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.rateDist::5           39966      0.26%     99.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.rateDist::6           19981      0.13%     99.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.rateDist::7           25725      0.17%     99.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.rateDist::8           48632      0.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.rateDist::total     15554779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.branchRate         0.001473                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus3.fetch.rate               0.063175                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus3.decode.IdleCycles           45775                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus3.decode.BlockedCycles     15369031                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus3.decode.RunCycles            11456                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus3.decode.UnblockCycles       128496                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus3.decode.SquashCycles            13                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus3.decode.DecodedInsts       1119610                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus3.rename.SquashCycles            13                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus3.rename.IdleCycles           88603                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus3.rename.BlockCycles        8626621                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus3.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus3.rename.RunCycles            97124                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus3.rename.UnblockCycles      6742410                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus3.rename.RenamedInsts       1119437                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus3.rename.SQFullEvents       6722435                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus3.rename.RenamedOperands       776719                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus3.rename.RenameLookups      2170374                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus3.rename.int_rename_lookups      1553526                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus3.rename.CommittedMaps       776635                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus3.rename.UndoneMaps              84                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus3.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus3.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus3.rename.skidInsts           762389                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus3.memDep0.insertedLoads           52                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus3.memDep0.insertedStores       456874                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus3.memDep0.conflictingLoads            0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus3.memDep0.conflictingStores            0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus3.iq.iqInstsAdded           1119428                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus3.iq.iqInstsIssued          1119388                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          160                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined          272                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     15554779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.071964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.506222                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15035123     96.66%     96.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       282637      1.82%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122763      0.79%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22861      0.15%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11427      0.07%     99.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        31435      0.20%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19975      0.13%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28555      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            3      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     15554779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           5707     99.88%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::MemRead             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite            7      0.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           20      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       662468     59.18%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead           52      0.00%     59.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       456848     40.81%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.FU_type_0::total       1119388                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus3.iq.rate                  0.071964                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_busy_cnt               5714                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005105                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     17799269                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1119588                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1119325                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus3.iq.int_alu_accesses       1125082                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads           52                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores           31                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus3.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus3.iew.iewSquashCycles            13                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus3.iew.iewBlockCycles             13                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus3.iew.iewUnblockCycles      8626608                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1119428                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts           52                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       456874                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus3.iew.iewIQFullEvents             0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      8626609                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           25                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus3.iew.branchMispredicts           25                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus3.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1119358                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts           45                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus3.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus3.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus3.iew.exec_refs              456888                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus3.iew.exec_branches           22854                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus3.iew.exec_stores            456843                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus3.iew.exec_rate            0.071962                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus3.iew.wb_sent               1119338                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus3.iew.wb_count              1119325                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus3.iew.wb_producers           148484                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus3.iew.wb_consumers           171328                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus3.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus3.iew.wb_rate              0.071960                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus3.iew.wb_fanout            0.866665                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus3.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus3.commit.commitSquashedInsts          160                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus3.commit.branchMispredicts           13                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     15554753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.071957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.504372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15035134     96.66%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       268349      1.73%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       145603      0.94%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        17140      0.11%     99.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        14280      0.09%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28569      0.18%     99.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11422      0.07%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        34252      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            4      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     15554753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus3.commit.committedInsts       982216                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.commit.committedOps       1119268                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus3.commit.refs                456843                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus3.commit.loads                    0                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus3.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus3.commit.branches             22842                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus3.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus3.commit.int_insts          1119268                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus3.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       662425     59.18%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       456843     40.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.op_class_0::total      1119268                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.commit.bw_lim_events            4                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus3.rob.rob_reads            16674177                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus3.rob.rob_writes            2238883                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             982216                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps              1119268                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus3.cpi                     15.836414                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus3.cpi_total               15.836414                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus3.ipc                      0.063146                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus3.ipc_total                0.063146                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus3.int_regfile_reads         1553386                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus3.int_regfile_writes         639614                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus3.cc_regfile_reads           114210                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus3.cc_regfile_writes          137052                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus3.misc_regfile_reads         502584                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus4.branchPred.lookups          23158                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus4.branchPred.condPredicted        23158                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus4.branchPred.condIncorrect           13                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus4.branchPred.BTBLookups        23078                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus4.branchPred.BTBHits          23078                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus4.branchPred.BTBHitPct   100.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus4.branchPred.usedRAS              0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus4.branchPred.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus4.numCycles                15554779                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.icacheStallCycles       139134                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.Insts                993344                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.Branches              23158                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.predictedBranches        23078                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.Cycles             15415632                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.SquashCycles             26                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.CacheLines           138573                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.IcacheSquashes            1                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.rateDist::samples     15554779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.072790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.rateDist::stdev     0.659470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.rateDist::0        15323785     98.51%     98.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.rateDist::1           23093      0.15%     98.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.rateDist::2           28864      0.19%     98.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.rateDist::3           20195      0.13%     98.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.rateDist::4           23079      0.15%     99.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.rateDist::5           40400      0.26%     99.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.rateDist::6           20198      0.13%     99.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.rateDist::7           26004      0.17%     99.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.rateDist::8           49161      0.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.rateDist::total     15554779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.branchRate         0.001489                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus4.fetch.rate               0.063861                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus4.decode.IdleCycles           46271                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus4.decode.BlockedCycles     15367016                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus4.decode.RunCycles            11580                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus4.decode.UnblockCycles       129891                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus4.decode.SquashCycles            13                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus4.decode.DecodedInsts       1131762                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus4.rename.SquashCycles            13                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus4.rename.IdleCycles           89564                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus4.rename.BlockCycles        8702101                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus4.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus4.rename.RunCycles            98178                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus4.rename.UnblockCycles      6664915                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus4.rename.RenamedInsts       1131589                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus4.rename.SQFullEvents       6644723                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus4.rename.RenamedOperands       785151                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus4.rename.RenameLookups      2193934                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus4.rename.int_rename_lookups      1570390                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus4.rename.CommittedMaps       785067                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus4.rename.UndoneMaps              84                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus4.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus4.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus4.rename.skidInsts           770666                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus4.memDep0.insertedLoads           52                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus4.memDep0.insertedStores       461834                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus4.memDep0.conflictingLoads            0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus4.memDep0.conflictingStores            0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus4.iq.iqInstsAdded           1131580                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus4.iq.iqInstsIssued          1131540                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          160                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus4.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined          272                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus4.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     15554779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.072745                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.508906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15029481     96.62%     96.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       285706      1.84%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124096      0.80%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        23109      0.15%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11551      0.07%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        31776      0.20%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20192      0.13%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28865      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            3      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     15554779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           5769     99.88%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::MemRead             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::MemWrite            7      0.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           20      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       669660     59.18%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead           52      0.00%     59.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       461808     40.81%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.FU_type_0::total       1131540                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus4.iq.rate                  0.072745                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_busy_cnt               5776                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005105                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus4.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     17823635                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus4.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1131740                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus4.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1131477                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus4.iq.int_alu_accesses       1137296                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus4.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus4.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads           52                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus4.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus4.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus4.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores           31                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus4.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus4.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus4.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus4.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus4.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus4.iew.iewSquashCycles            13                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus4.iew.iewBlockCycles             13                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus4.iew.iewUnblockCycles      8702088                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus4.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1131580                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus4.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus4.iew.iewDispLoadInsts           52                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus4.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       461834                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus4.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus4.iew.iewIQFullEvents             0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus4.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      8702089                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus4.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus4.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus4.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           25                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus4.iew.branchMispredicts           25                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus4.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1131510                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus4.iew.iewExecLoadInsts           45                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus4.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus4.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus4.iew.exec_refs              461848                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus4.iew.exec_branches           23102                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus4.iew.exec_stores            461803                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus4.iew.exec_rate            0.072744                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus4.iew.wb_sent               1131490                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus4.iew.wb_count              1131477                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus4.iew.wb_producers           150096                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus4.iew.wb_consumers           173188                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus4.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus4.iew.wb_rate              0.072741                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus4.iew.wb_fanout            0.866665                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus4.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus4.commit.commitSquashedInsts          160                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus4.commit.branchMispredicts           13                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus4.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     15554753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.072738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.507046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15029492     96.62%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       271263      1.74%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       147184      0.95%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        17326      0.11%     99.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        14435      0.09%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28879      0.19%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11546      0.07%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        34624      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            4      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     15554753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus4.commit.committedInsts       992880                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus4.commit.committedOps       1131420                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus4.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus4.commit.refs                461803                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus4.commit.loads                    0                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus4.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus4.commit.branches             23090                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus4.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus4.commit.int_insts          1131420                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus4.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       669617     59.18%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::MemRead            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       461803     40.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.op_class_0::total      1131420                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.commit.bw_lim_events            4                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus4.rob.rob_reads            16686329                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus4.rob.rob_writes            2263187                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus4.committedInsts             992880                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus4.committedOps              1131420                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus4.cpi                     15.666323                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus4.cpi_total               15.666323                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus4.ipc                      0.063831                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus4.ipc_total                0.063831                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus4.int_regfile_reads         1570250                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus4.int_regfile_writes         646558                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus4.cc_regfile_reads           115450                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus4.cc_regfile_writes          138540                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus4.misc_regfile_reads         508040                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus5.branchPred.lookups          23322                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus5.branchPred.condPredicted        23322                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus5.branchPred.condIncorrect           13                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus5.branchPred.BTBLookups        23244                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus5.branchPred.BTBHits          23244                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus5.branchPred.BTBHitPct   100.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus5.branchPred.usedRAS              0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus5.branchPred.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus5.numCycles                15554779                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.icacheStallCycles       140045                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.Insts               1000469                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.Branches              23322                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.predictedBranches        23244                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.Cycles             15414721                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.SquashCycles             26                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.CacheLines           139568                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.IcacheSquashes            2                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.rateDist::samples     15554779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.073311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.rateDist::stdev     0.661797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.rateDist::0        15322131     98.50%     98.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.rateDist::1           23258      0.15%     98.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.rateDist::2           29068      0.19%     98.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.rateDist::3           20341      0.13%     98.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.rateDist::4           23245      0.15%     99.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.rateDist::5           40690      0.26%     99.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.rateDist::6           20344      0.13%     99.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.rateDist::7           26191      0.17%     99.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.rateDist::8           49511      0.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.rateDist::total     15554779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.branchRate         0.001499                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus5.fetch.rate               0.064319                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus5.decode.IdleCycles           46602                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus5.decode.BlockedCycles     15365669                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus5.decode.RunCycles            11664                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus5.decode.UnblockCycles       130823                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus5.decode.SquashCycles            13                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus5.decode.DecodedInsts       1139890                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus5.rename.SquashCycles            13                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus5.rename.IdleCycles           90207                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus5.rename.BlockCycles        8660863                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus5.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus5.rename.RunCycles            98882                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus5.rename.UnblockCycles      6704806                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus5.rename.RenamedInsts       1139713                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus5.rename.SQFullEvents       6684467                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus5.rename.RenamedOperands       790789                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus5.rename.RenameLookups      2209688                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus5.rename.int_rename_lookups      1581666                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus5.rename.CommittedMaps       790699                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus5.rename.UndoneMaps              84                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus5.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus5.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus5.rename.skidInsts           776203                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus5.memDep0.insertedLoads           52                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus5.memDep0.insertedStores       465150                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus5.memDep0.conflictingLoads            0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus5.memDep0.conflictingStores            0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus5.iq.iqInstsAdded           1139703                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus5.iq.iqInstsIssued          1139663                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          160                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus5.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined          272                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus5.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     15554779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.073268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.510689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15025707     96.60%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       287758      1.85%     98.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124988      0.80%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        23276      0.15%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11635      0.07%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32005      0.21%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20337      0.13%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29070      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            3      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     15554779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           5810     99.88%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::MemRead             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::MemWrite            7      0.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           20      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       674467     59.18%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead           52      0.00%     59.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       465124     40.81%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.FU_type_0::total       1139663                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus5.iq.rate                  0.073268                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_busy_cnt               5817                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005104                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus5.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     17839922                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus5.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1139863                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus5.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1139600                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus5.iq.int_alu_accesses       1145460                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus5.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus5.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads           52                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus5.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus5.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus5.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores           31                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus5.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus5.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus5.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus5.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus5.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus5.iew.iewSquashCycles            13                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus5.iew.iewBlockCycles             13                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus5.iew.iewUnblockCycles      8660850                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus5.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1139703                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus5.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus5.iew.iewDispLoadInsts           52                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus5.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       465150                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus5.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus5.iew.iewIQFullEvents             0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus5.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      8660850                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus5.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus5.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus5.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           25                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus5.iew.branchMispredicts           25                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus5.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1139633                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus5.iew.iewExecLoadInsts           45                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus5.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus5.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus5.iew.exec_refs              465164                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus5.iew.exec_branches           23268                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus5.iew.exec_stores            465119                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus5.iew.exec_rate            0.073266                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus5.iew.wb_sent               1139613                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus5.iew.wb_count              1139600                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus5.iew.wb_producers           151175                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus5.iew.wb_consumers           174433                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus5.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus5.iew.wb_rate              0.073264                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus5.iew.wb_fanout            0.866665                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus5.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus5.commit.commitSquashedInsts          160                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus5.commit.branchMispredicts           13                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus5.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     15554753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.073260                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.508820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15025720     96.60%     96.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       273209      1.76%     98.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       148243      0.95%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        17452      0.11%     99.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        14540      0.09%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29086      0.19%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11629      0.07%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        34870      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            4      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     15554753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus5.commit.committedInsts      1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus5.commit.committedOps       1139537                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus5.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus5.commit.refs                465117                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus5.commit.loads                    0                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus5.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus5.commit.branches             23256                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus5.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus5.commit.int_insts          1139537                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus5.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       674420     59.18%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::MemRead            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       465117     40.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.op_class_0::total      1139537                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.commit.bw_lim_events            4                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus5.rob.rob_reads            16694446                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus5.rob.rob_writes            2279428                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus5.committedInsts            1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus5.committedOps              1139537                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus5.cpi                     15.554763                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus5.cpi_total               15.554763                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus5.ipc                      0.064289                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus5.ipc_total                0.064289                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus5.int_regfile_reads         1581526                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus5.int_regfile_writes         651199                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus5.cc_regfile_reads           116280                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus5.cc_regfile_writes          139536                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus5.misc_regfile_reads         511688                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus6.branchPred.lookups          22885                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus6.branchPred.condPredicted        22885                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus6.branchPred.condIncorrect           13                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus6.branchPred.BTBLookups        22807                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus6.branchPred.BTBHits          22807                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus6.branchPred.BTBHitPct   100.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus6.branchPred.usedRAS              0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus6.branchPred.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus6.numCycles                15554779                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.icacheStallCycles       137440                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.Insts                981699                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.Branches              22885                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.predictedBranches        22807                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.Cycles             15417326                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.SquashCycles             26                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.CacheLines           136949                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.IcacheSquashes            2                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.rateDist::samples     15554779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.071936                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.rateDist::stdev     0.655639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.rateDist::0        15326496     98.53%     98.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.rateDist::1           22823      0.15%     98.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.rateDist::2           28524      0.18%     98.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.rateDist::3           19958      0.13%     98.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.rateDist::4           22807      0.15%     99.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.rateDist::5           39925      0.26%     99.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.rateDist::6           19961      0.13%     99.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.rateDist::7           25700      0.17%     99.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.rateDist::8           48585      0.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.rateDist::total     15554779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.branchRate         0.001471                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus6.fetch.rate               0.063112                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus6.decode.IdleCycles           45729                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus6.decode.BlockedCycles     15369216                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus6.decode.RunCycles            11446                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus6.decode.UnblockCycles       128367                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus6.decode.SquashCycles            13                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus6.decode.DecodedInsts       1118498                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus6.rename.SquashCycles            13                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus6.rename.IdleCycles           88515                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus6.rename.BlockCycles        8696477                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus6.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus6.rename.RunCycles            97027                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus6.rename.UnblockCycles      6672739                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus6.rename.RenamedInsts       1118316                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus6.rename.SQFullEvents       6652785                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus6.rename.RenamedOperands       775939                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus6.rename.RenameLookups      2168205                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus6.rename.int_rename_lookups      1551974                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus6.rename.CommittedMaps       775855                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus6.rename.UndoneMaps              84                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus6.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus6.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus6.rename.skidInsts           761636                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus6.memDep0.insertedLoads           52                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus6.memDep0.insertedStores       456418                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus6.memDep0.conflictingLoads            0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus6.memDep0.conflictingStores            0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus6.iq.iqInstsAdded           1118307                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus6.iq.iqInstsIssued          1118267                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          160                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus6.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined          272                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus6.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     15554779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.071892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.505973                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15035642     96.66%     96.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       282354      1.82%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122643      0.79%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22837      0.15%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11416      0.07%     99.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        31402      0.20%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19956      0.13%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28526      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            3      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     15554779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           5701     99.88%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::MemRead             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::MemWrite            7      0.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           20      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       661803     59.18%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead           52      0.00%     59.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       456392     40.81%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.FU_type_0::total       1118267                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus6.iq.rate                  0.071892                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_busy_cnt               5708                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005104                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus6.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     17797021                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus6.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1118467                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus6.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1118204                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus6.iq.int_alu_accesses       1123955                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus6.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus6.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads           52                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus6.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus6.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus6.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores           31                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus6.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus6.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus6.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus6.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus6.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus6.iew.iewSquashCycles            13                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus6.iew.iewBlockCycles             13                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus6.iew.iewUnblockCycles      8696464                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus6.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1118307                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus6.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus6.iew.iewDispLoadInsts           52                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus6.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       456418                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus6.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus6.iew.iewIQFullEvents             0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus6.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      8696465                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus6.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus6.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus6.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           25                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus6.iew.branchMispredicts           25                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus6.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1118237                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus6.iew.iewExecLoadInsts           45                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus6.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus6.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus6.iew.exec_refs              456432                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus6.iew.exec_branches           22831                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus6.iew.exec_stores            456387                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus6.iew.exec_rate            0.071890                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus6.iew.wb_sent               1118217                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus6.iew.wb_count              1118204                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus6.iew.wb_producers           148335                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus6.iew.wb_consumers           171156                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus6.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus6.iew.wb_rate              0.071888                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus6.iew.wb_fanout            0.866665                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus6.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus6.commit.commitSquashedInsts          160                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus6.commit.branchMispredicts           13                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus6.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     15554753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.071885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.504124                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15035653     96.66%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       268082      1.72%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       145458      0.94%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        17122      0.11%     99.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        14266      0.09%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28539      0.18%     99.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11411      0.07%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        34218      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            4      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     15554753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus6.commit.committedInsts       981233                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus6.commit.committedOps       1118147                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus6.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus6.commit.refs                456387                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus6.commit.loads                    0                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus6.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus6.commit.branches             22819                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus6.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus6.commit.int_insts          1118147                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus6.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       661760     59.18%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::MemRead            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       456387     40.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.op_class_0::total      1118147                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.commit.bw_lim_events            4                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus6.rob.rob_reads            16673056                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus6.rob.rob_writes            2236641                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus6.committedInsts             981233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus6.committedOps              1118147                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus6.cpi                     15.852279                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus6.cpi_total               15.852279                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus6.ipc                      0.063082                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus6.ipc_total                0.063082                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus6.int_regfile_reads         1551834                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus6.int_regfile_writes         638972                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus6.cc_regfile_reads           114095                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus6.cc_regfile_writes          136914                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus6.misc_regfile_reads         502082                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus7.branchPred.lookups          22967                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus7.branchPred.condPredicted        22967                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus7.branchPred.condIncorrect           13                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus7.branchPred.BTBLookups        22889                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus7.branchPred.BTBHits          22889                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus7.branchPred.BTBHitPct   100.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus7.branchPred.usedRAS              0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus7.branchPred.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus7.numCycles                15554779                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.icacheStallCycles       138103                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.Insts                985237                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.Branches              22967                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.predictedBranches        22889                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.Cycles             15416663                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.SquashCycles             26                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.CacheLines           137442                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.IcacheSquashes            1                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.rateDist::samples     15554779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.072195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.rateDist::stdev     0.656806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.rateDist::0        15325674     98.53%     98.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.rateDist::1           22906      0.15%     98.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.rateDist::2           28626      0.18%     98.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.rateDist::3           20029      0.13%     98.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.rateDist::4           22888      0.15%     99.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.rateDist::5           40069      0.26%     99.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.rateDist::6           20034      0.13%     99.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.rateDist::7           25794      0.17%     99.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.rateDist::8           48759      0.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.rateDist::total     15554779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.branchRate         0.001477                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus7.fetch.rate               0.063340                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus7.decode.IdleCycles           45895                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus7.decode.BlockedCycles     15368547                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus7.decode.RunCycles            11486                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus7.decode.UnblockCycles       128830                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus7.decode.SquashCycles            13                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus7.decode.DecodedInsts       1122522                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus7.rename.SquashCycles            13                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus7.rename.IdleCycles           88835                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus7.rename.BlockCycles        8693372                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus7.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus7.rename.RunCycles            97376                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus7.rename.UnblockCycles      6675175                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus7.rename.RenamedInsts       1122349                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus7.rename.SQFullEvents       6655148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus7.rename.RenamedOperands       778737                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus7.rename.RenameLookups      2176029                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus7.rename.int_rename_lookups      1557576                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus7.rename.CommittedMaps       778652                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus7.rename.UndoneMaps              84                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus7.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus7.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus7.rename.skidInsts           764378                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus7.memDep0.insertedLoads           51                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus7.memDep0.insertedStores       458065                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus7.memDep0.conflictingLoads            0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus7.memDep0.conflictingStores            0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus7.iq.iqInstsAdded           1122336                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus7.iq.iqInstsIssued          1122298                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          156                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus7.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined          263                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus7.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     15554779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.072151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.506863                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15033767     96.65%     96.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       283375      1.82%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123085      0.79%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22921      0.15%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11457      0.07%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        31515      0.20%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20029      0.13%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28627      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            3      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     15554779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           5722     99.88%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::MemRead             0      0.00%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::MemWrite            7      0.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           20      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       664187     59.18%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead           51      0.00%     59.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       458040     40.81%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.FU_type_0::total       1122298                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus7.iq.rate                  0.072151                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_busy_cnt               5729                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005105                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus7.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     17805104                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus7.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1122492                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus7.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1122236                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus7.iq.int_alu_accesses       1128007                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus7.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus7.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads           51                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus7.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus7.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus7.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores           30                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus7.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus7.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus7.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus7.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus7.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus7.iew.iewSquashCycles            13                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus7.iew.iewBlockCycles             12                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus7.iew.iewUnblockCycles      8693360                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus7.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1122336                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus7.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus7.iew.iewDispLoadInsts           51                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus7.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       458065                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus7.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus7.iew.iewIQFullEvents             0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus7.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      8693361                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus7.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus7.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus7.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           24                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus7.iew.branchMispredicts           24                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus7.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1122269                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus7.iew.iewExecLoadInsts           45                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus7.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus7.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus7.iew.exec_refs              458080                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus7.iew.exec_branches           22912                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus7.iew.exec_stores            458035                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus7.iew.exec_rate            0.072149                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus7.iew.wb_sent               1122249                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus7.iew.wb_count              1122236                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus7.iew.wb_producers           148869                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus7.iew.wb_consumers           171772                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus7.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus7.iew.wb_rate              0.072147                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus7.iew.wb_fanout            0.866666                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus7.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus7.commit.commitSquashedInsts          156                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus7.commit.branchMispredicts           13                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus7.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     15554754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.072144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.505011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15033779     96.65%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       269050      1.73%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       145983      0.94%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        17186      0.11%     99.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        14318      0.09%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28642      0.18%     99.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11452      0.07%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        34340      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            4      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     15554754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus7.commit.committedInsts       984773                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus7.commit.committedOps       1122180                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus7.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus7.commit.refs                458035                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus7.commit.loads                    0                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus7.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus7.commit.branches             22901                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus7.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus7.commit.int_insts          1122180                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus7.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       664145     59.18%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::MemRead            0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       458035     40.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.op_class_0::total      1122180                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.commit.bw_lim_events            4                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus7.rob.rob_reads            16677086                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus7.rob.rob_writes            2244699                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus7.committedInsts             984773                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus7.committedOps              1122180                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus7.cpi                     15.795294                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus7.cpi_total               15.795294                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus7.ipc                      0.063310                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus7.ipc_total                0.063310                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus7.int_regfile_reads         1557435                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus7.int_regfile_writes         641275                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus7.cc_regfile_reads           114505                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus7.cc_regfile_writes          137408                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus7.misc_regfile_reads         503893                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp               128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           460172                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           460179                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          460172                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       173003                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       171815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       174029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       171332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       173192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       174436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       171161                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       171779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1380779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7381120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7330432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7424896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7309824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7389184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7442304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7302528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7328896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               58910208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                               0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           920509                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  31                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                920509    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             31                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             31                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             920509                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          920441469                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization             11.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          94343000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy          92300751                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy          93235750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy             3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy         92113750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.occupancy             3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.occupancy         92915001                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.occupancy             3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy         93611751                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy             3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy         92347501                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.occupancy             3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.occupancy         92980752                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
